https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-aeroo_reports -b 9.0, ingadhoc-aeroo_reports
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-odoo-support -b 9.0, ingadhoc-odoo-support
https://github.com/jobiols/odoo-argentina -b 9.0, ingadhoc-odoo-argentina
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-odoo-infrastructure -b 9.0, ingadhoc-odoo-infrastructure
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-argentina-reporting -b 9.0, ingadhoc-argentina-reporting
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-argentina-sale -b 9.0, ingadhoc-argentina-sale
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-odoo-web -b 9.0, ingadhoc-odoo-web
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-website -b 9.0, ingadhoc-website
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-product -b 9.0, ingadhoc-product
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-account-analytic -b 9.0, ingadhoc-account-analytic
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-partner -b 9.0, ingadhoc-partner
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-purchase -b 9.0, ingadhoc-purchase
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-crm -b 9.0, ingadhoc-crm
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-hr -b 9.0, ingadhoc-hr
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-account-payment -b 9.0, ingadhoc-account-payment
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-account-financial-tools -b 9.0, ingadhoc-account-financial-tools
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-sale -b 9.0, ingadhoc-sale
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-account-invoicing -b 9.0, ingadhoc-account-invoicing
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-reporting-engine -b 9.0, ingadhoc-reporting-engine
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-miscellaneous -b 9.0, ingadhoc-miscellaneous
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-stock -b 9.0, ingadhoc-stock
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-multi-company -b 9.0, ingadhoc-multi-company
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-multi-store -b 9.0, ingadhoc-multi-store
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-project -b 9.0, ingadhoc-project
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-manufacture -b 9.0, ingadhoc-manufacture
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-survey -b 9.0, ingadhoc-survey
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-patches -b 9.0, ingadhoc-patches
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-demo -b 9.0, ingadhoc-demo
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-odoo-public-administration -b 9.0, ingadhoc-odoo-public-administration
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-odoo-academic -b 9.0, ingadhoc-odoo-academic
https://github.com/jobiols/adhoc-odoo-legal -b 9.0, ingadhoc-odoo-legal